Document is_animated and n_frames (#4739)
python-pillow/Pillow: docs/reference/Image.rst

    Unless noted elsewhere, this dictionary does not affect saving files.

.. py:attribute:: Image.is_animated
    :type: bool

    ``True`` if this image has more than one frame, or ``False`` otherwise.

    This attribute is only defined by image plugins that support animated images.
    Plugins may leave this attribute undefined if they don't support loading
    animated images, even if the given format supports animated images.

    To check whether an image is animated regardless of its format, use

>     ``getattr(image, "is_animated", False)``.

Reviewer: The problem of https://github.com/python-pillow/Pillow/pull/4628#issuecomment-650542773 still applies: this will return `False` for some animated images (and below return 1 for `n_frames`).

>     To check whether an image is animated regardless of its format, use
>     ``getattr(image, "is_animated", False)``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Given that this attribute is not present for all images, to check if Pillow is
    aware of multiple frames in an image, regardless of the image's format, use
    ``getattr(image, "is_animated", False)``.
```

You're right. What about this?

Reviewer: :+1: That's better!

    .. seealso:: :attr:`~Image.n_frames`, :func:`~Image.seek` and :func:`~Image.tell`

.. py:attribute:: Image.n_frames
    :type: int

    The number of frames in this image.

    This attribute is only defined by image plugins that support animated images.
    Plugins may leave this attribute undefined if they don't support loading
    animated images, even if the given format supports animated images.

>     To check the number of frames in an image regardless of its format, use
>     ``getattr(image, "n_frames", 1)``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Given that this attribute is not present for all images, to find out the number of
    frames that Pillow is aware of in an image, regardless of the image's format, use
    ``getattr(image, "n_frames", 1)``.
```

    Unless noted elsewhere, this dictionary does not affect saving files.

.. py:attribute:: Image.is_animated
    :type: bool

    ``True`` if this image has more than one frame, or ``False`` otherwise.

    This attribute is only defined by image plugins that support animated images.
    Plugins may leave this attribute undefined if they don't support loading
    animated images, even if the given format supports animated images.

    Given that this attribute is not present for all images use
    ``getattr(image, "is_animated", False)`` to check if Pillow is aware of multiple

>     frames in an image regardless of its format.

Author: I've commited @radarhere's suggestion with IMO slightly better word order. WDYT?
